we are going
it's time to celebrate singing jump and not
stop doing it and as not if
first time in his football history
Mexican has managed to secure a
Olympic medal but do not conform
for more and will look for gold before Brazil
next saturday if it's new brazil
account but what matters in these
moments that may come
and it has already become common for wembley in se
becomes a branch over the
Aztec stadium
the English returned to communion
with the Mexicans to forge a framework
magnificent for a forceful 3-1 that
despite the tears of the followers
Japanese will have no other
look for tickets to the game by the
bronze just a couple of issues that
they missed the usual detention of
a young Mexican for having climbed
the statue of Bobby Moore that is in the
London stadium esplanade and that
the pass to the final served to revive
political passions after the elections
federal in our country but the only
true is that today is the time to
mexico and his followers his soccer his
passion effervescence and folklore has
started a party that started in the
london metro and that will have
repercussion throughout the territory
national but the Mexicans already have
well-placed batteries for many
hours and nothing intimidated them
Japanese dressed as samurai nor the
strange martial arts things
do not
not the Aztec fans do not
fright the rain or the shortage of
voltage seems to be in late
While it is true this time the
posters were not as big as
the previous games the security in
wembley was strengthened could not pass anyone
without a ticket and those who did not have
get them hidden already once with
the entrance in the hand there were reasons to
smile and celebrate despite once
more have paid double or maybe even
the triple
the party of the Mexicans is so
contagious that security come together
with their speakers the Japanese prepare
your posters your best clothes but not
they are beaten on and off the court
then the dancing started screaming
apapachos the clearest samples of
national pride and how not if
first time in physical history can
reach the Olympic gold a football that
brasil come that either come
keep dancing has been said
do not